Okay, so next here's the quiz.
Create a numpy array that has one,
when the month is January and zero otherwise,
and store it in a column in the all factors dataframe,
and you'll add another similar column to indicate when the month is December, right?
Okay, once you try that out,
you'll do something similar,
you can do weekdays and quarter as well,
so add columns to the all factors dataframe
that specifies the weekday, quarter, and year.
So if we look at the documentation datetime index,
weekday, quarter, and year are also attributes that we can use.
So here's year, weekday,
and quarter. All right.
You can use these in a similar way that you use to the month variable.
If you get a little lost,
just check out the sample code here,
and also try to do the months first.
All right. Now, this is just saying add those features for weekday,
quarter, and year as columns in the dataframe.